# Server.coop
There is a lot of hype about the distributed web, but making use of this technology is very difficult for those without a technical background.  People use big corporate web service providers like Square Space, Wix, AWS, Google, ex. because they have a lower barrier to entry.  This project's initial purpose is to close this gap and enable people to have their data and websites not be dependent on the trust of a more powerful corporation that can dictate the terms and lock people in.  It is to broaden the base of people using decentralized technologies and show that not competing against people has inherent value of both monetary and social natures.

This will be a cooperatively owned web hosting system based on a distributed virtual server model.  The primary market to begin will be people working in the sci/tech field wanting a quick to setup and cheap system, college students, community groups (hackerspaces, 4-H groups, school groups, ex.), and other people wanting a private server.  They will be able to easily setup a website using popular WYSIWYG CMS (mainly Drupal to begin) or create something from scratch.  Their changes then will be incrementally backed up to a redundant decentralized storage platform (Sia, Filecoin).  Additionally, it will be easy to collaborate with people working in the same area, there will be a system to securely automated data gathering (IoT/Personal Biometrics/Network Metadata/Ex.), and spinup new developer virtual environments all without worrying about privacy or getting locked in to a proprietary system.  A secondary, or complementary, market will be crowdsourced medical device development (where people with unsolved medical problems can easily do their own research in collaboration with other people with the same problem without being dependent on the corporate healthcare industry).  This is a nascent field and therefore will not be the main focus until the rest of the infrastructure is set up for that reason.  Then when validation is complete and we will shift over to sensor and physical product design (see below), it will become a bigger priority to focus on.
